src/pages/de/imprint.md, before:

---
title: Imprint
layout: page
robots: "noindex,follow"
excludeFromSitemap: true
---

### Contact Person

Stefan Imhoff<br />
Walter-Heitmann-Str. 2<br />
22159 Hamburg<br />
{% email "Contact", true %}

### Acknowledgments

- This website is built with [Eleventy], a simpler static site generator.
- The design was created with [Affinity Designer] and uses the typeface [Secuela] by [deFharo].
- The photo [Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles] is by Søren Karstensen.
- The minimalistic icons are created by [Remix Icon] which is [Jimmy Cheung] and [Wendy Gao].

### License

All content is copyrighted by [Stefan Imhoff] unless otherwise stated. Feel free to learn from the [Source Code] and reuse code for your projects.

The text of this website are licensed under a [Creative Commons license].

The use of my design—the unique combination of layout, photos, or illustrations—my private photos, personal data, and logo are only allowed with written permission.

In _easier_ words: **This is not a free theme**. Learn from it. Remix. Reuse. Build your own stuff. 🤘

### Legal Fine Print

Responsible for content according to § 10 paragraph 3 MDStV: **Stefan&nbsp;Imhoff**.

### Liability Notice

Despite careful content control, I don’t take _any liability_ for the content of external links. The content of the linked pages is the sole responsibility of their operators.

If you find a link on my website that links to a website that violates applicable law, please let me know so I can remove the link.

### Data Protection

I take the protection of your personal data very seriously and strictly adhere to the rules of data protection laws. **I don’t collect _any_ data**.

[eleventy]: https://www.11ty.dev/
[affinity designer]: https://affinity.serif.com/designer/
[secuela]: https://fontlibrary.org/en/font/secuela-variable
[defharo]: https://github.com/defharo
[teenage mutant ninja turtles]: https://www.flickr.com/photos/tegnerne/11948638165
[remix icon]: https://remixicon.com/
[jimmy cheung]: https://github.com/xiaochunjimmy
[wendy gao]: https://github.com/wendygaoyuan
[stefan imhoff]: https://www.stefanimhoff.de
[source code]: https://github.com/kogakure/website-11ty-kogakure.de
[creative commons license]: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/

Commit message:

chore: add script for umami

src/pages/de/imprint.md, after:

---
title: Imprint
layout: page
robots: "noindex,follow"
excludeFromSitemap: true
---

### Contact Person

Stefan Imhoff<br />
Walter-Heitmann-Str. 2<br />
22159 Hamburg<br />
{% email "Contact", true %}

### Acknowledgments

- This website is built with [Eleventy], a simpler static site generator.
- The design was created with [Affinity Designer] and uses the typeface [Secuela] by [deFharo].
- The photo [Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles] is by Søren Karstensen.
- The minimalistic icons are created by [Remix Icon] which is [Jimmy Cheung] and [Wendy Gao].

### License

All content is copyrighted by [Stefan Imhoff] unless otherwise stated. Feel free to learn from the [Source Code] and reuse code for your projects.

The text of this website are licensed under a [Creative Commons license].

The use of my design—the unique combination of layout, photos, or illustrations—my private photos, personal data, and logo are only allowed with written permission.

In _easier_ words: **This is not a free theme**. Learn from it. Remix. Reuse. Build your own stuff. 🤘

### Legal Fine Print

Responsible for content according to § 10 paragraph 3 MDStV: **Stefan&nbsp;Imhoff**.

### Liability Notice

Despite careful content control, I don’t take _any liability_ for the content of external links. The content of the linked pages is the sole responsibility of their operators.

If you find a link on my website that links to a website that violates applicable law, please let me know so I can remove the link.

### Data Protection

This website uses Umami, an open-source, privacy-focused analytics platform, to collect anonymized data about visitors’ interactions with the site. No personally identifiable information is tracked or stored. This data is only used to understand and improve the website experience, and is never sold or shared with third parties.

[eleventy]: https://www.11ty.dev/
[affinity designer]: https://affinity.serif.com/designer/
[secuela]: https://fontlibrary.org/en/font/secuela-variable
[defharo]: https://github.com/defharo
[teenage mutant ninja turtles]: https://www.flickr.com/photos/tegnerne/11948638165
[remix icon]: https://remixicon.com/
[jimmy cheung]: https://github.com/xiaochunjimmy
[wendy gao]: https://github.com/wendygaoyuan
[stefan imhoff]: https://www.stefanimhoff.de
[source code]: https://github.com/kogakure/website-11ty-kogakure.de
[creative commons license]: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/
